your money is not safe it's not secure
if you're investing the way that you've
been told in this video I'm going to
break down exactly why that is the case
we're going to look at the stock market
we're going to look at the bond market
and I'm going to show you what the big
giants are talking about all here today
you came here for the truth so let me
unveil that for you the first place we
need to look at is the stock market the
bond market and especially the Federal
Reserve I want to start right here and
now you could see that climate
protesters disrupt the start of the
federal Reserve chair Powell's economic
speech interesting they should be trying
to disrupt the fact that they're
printing money instead doing it for
another purpose I wish that they would
say hey by the way while we're here why
exactly do you print trillions of
dollars devaluing the currency of the
people uh okay next topic you can look
at this it is very clear that the
Federal Reserve has increased interest
rates beyond what most people thought
they would get to and now today I'm
bringing you this information about
Jerome Powell and what he had to say now
he was there was a couple interviews
with him and in this one he specifically
says that inflation is too high and that
he said something to the effect of do I
think that policy interest rates is too
restrictive no not at all that's the way
he kind of approached it saying like
absolutely not it's too restrictive
meaning where we are at doesn't need to
come down it doesn't necessarily say
they'll go up further in fact it looks
unlikely for the foreseeable future that
they're going to increase but this is
where we are at now how is this
affecting the bond market well there's a
lot going on many moving Parts in the
bond market we'll talk about some of
that today the feds uh rapael bosk said
he doesn't foresee rate Cuts coming
until late 2024 this is what actually
many members of the Federal Reserve have
said but understand something these are
forecasts and what that tells us is this
is what the FED thinks now but in
between now and late 2024 do you think
there's going to be a recession and of
course if there is a recession wouldn't
they be taking some
actions that's right it all depends on
where we go from now until that point so
let's keep it eye on it right so as of
now that Pro projection doesn't mean
anything really doesn't 10-year treasury
yield Rises to 5% it's the highest level
for the key rate in 16 years why is the
10year the one that everybody watches
that's because it's directly correlated
to this 30-year fixed mortgage rate just
hit 8% for the first time since the year
2000 as treasury yields sore 8% on
mortgage rates you could see what's
going on right now so you look at the
10year and then compare that to what's
going on with mortgages these are
directly linked and so of course when
you have mortgages at this High people
are borrowing at this High you see all
the data piling up it's very clear that
sales have slowed down of real estate
you know one thing after another
everything has basically slowed and so
they have actively been trying to stop
inflation from rising and in some cases
they have done that overall though with
the asset prices they have not been able
to challenge that and I don't even think
that they're actively trying to reduce
that at all I mean that's pretty clear
if they wanted to they would have to
bring interest rates up higher inflation
is out of control despite where they've
put you know the rates at and you have a
political circus that I see we are
looking at these politicians talking
about nonsense nothing that would
actually help you any of their measures
any of their
discussions none of it would benefit you
and that's the craziest part it's like I
know there are things that need to be
fixed or things that need to be resolved
this has to be handled but when is it
about me when is it about you and it
seems like today we run into this theme
a common theme in which you and I don't
seem to be the focus of this story but
it should be and that's what I intend to
do here on this channel I am looking out
for
you and I think it's really important
that we should pay attention closely to
the developments as they come along
General uncertainty and poor consumer
sentiment overall these are the type of
things that you get when an economy is
going down to tubes doesn't it seem like
that everywhere around
you people are treating each other
poorly I mean we just have this you can
feel it the tension you know is so thick
you can cut it with a knife when you go
out there people are driving they've got
road rage if you're walking on the
street people will bump into you all
these kind of nobody holds the door open
that's the type of thing that happens in
these last eras of or you know last
years of an Empire but that Empire has
kind of you know been molded and lines
have been blurred but we're talking
about the West things have changed and I
believe not for the benefit of the
people what's going on in the stock
market let me tell you something The
Trusted 6040 investing strategy has had
his worst year in generations and that
is a fact and yet this is what many
people have considered to be the best
thing to do to be conservative the best
thing to do in order to be able to Stave
off any downturns and look at what
happened now of course this is when you
uh talk about it as an
investor but if you were to buy for
instance today if you were to buy a
shortterm uh debt instrument you would
likely get a good return but what has
happened with a lot of these companies
and investors too they bought into
things years ago when interest rates
were super low that were giving them
almost no yield they were getting almost
nothing of it and they were fine with
that because that was better than
nothing or the negative yield that
others were
giving however time has passed those
same things that they bought the value
of them have dropped and so they're
stuck with all this debt and they don't
know what to do with it and that's
creating an issue a big issue inside the
bond market today where you have the
short-term debt you can get something
like uh let's say a year you can hold on
to something for one year and get 5% 6%
depending on the company depending on
the type of
instrument and just no I mean it seems
like just yesterday but we were looking
at things that were 10 years and you
were getting a negative return in some
cases my have the tables turned so this
means that you cannot continue with the
same strategies that you've been told
even the Giants we're going to talk
about big giants in a second those
strategies don't work we are moving into
an environment where there is you know
too much inflation and the whole job
scenario is getting turned upside down
and so you have to be aware of this and
you have to manage this if you don't you
will likely besid swiped taken out by
this not only do you have to do very
well just to be able to afford the new
world that we're coming into but your
family members your friends the people
around you they're going to know that
you've been able to sustain yourself and
guess who door they're coming on and
knocking are you going to be able to
support those people too this is a
challenge this is a big one and I think
we need abundance because there's going
to be a lot of people that need your
help you have to be there to help them
as best you can or you got to be able to
hide
okay because they're going to come and
knock them and so that's what I tell you
I'm trying my best to provide you with
look out here look out there here's what
you got to do these are the things we
need to take action on okay all right
solar stocks tumble to a three-year low
as solar Edge drops nearly 30% on demand
warning it is not like when people when
I talk about
solar it's advisable if you live in a
place that's Sunny that could provide
you and you work out the numbers and you
look at other people in your area that
have had success in what they did and it
makes sense for you to get solar you get
the solar but it doesn't translate into
uh you know every Solar Company is a
good
investment just like you wouldn't say
the same thing with any other industry
do you see what I'm saying
here we're we're putting more and more
money into solar into wind into you know
all these green energy things but it
doesn't mean broadly that you could just
throw your money anywhere and it's going
to be okay and look at this
example be careful where you invest now
I've been telling people this is Tesla
first we'll show that Tesla's getting
smashed recently this is just in the
past couple days um let's take it back a
month and you can see most of that has
come in the last couple couple days um
you know messing up here and there I saw
everyone bashing on Elon Musk so when
they unveil a new vehicle they're all
happy about him and then he takes over
Twitter and everybody's so sad about him
and then he says something on an
earnings call makes the stock go down
and guys who have invested way too much
money in one stock get real
upset um yeah you don't do that you
don't invest all of your money into one
stock then you're going to be upset and
then you go on YouTube and make videos
about it
crying that's how the markets work you
got to be prepared to take the losses
just like you're going to be prepared to
take the wins but people aren't used to
that do you notice that they're not used
to taking the losses because they've
been accustomed to quantitative easing
but we're not in those days anymore at
least not yet we'll get there don't
worry look at the last year it's
basically flat for a year
and then you go back five years
obviously there was a huge run up from
2019 into that moment in time in which
2021 and we pretty much from 2021 and on
it's been around these levels there's
been stock splits there's been all these
kind of things this is cico cico is the
largest uh uranium company in the world
I only show this just to show uranium um
but I've been talking about uranium for
years saying everybody look at uranium
look at what the governments are doing
they are investing a lot of money into
uranium and uh certainly there's the
Sprout ETF the physical uranium lots of
things look at that that's the past year
and uh just pulling it back around when
I was talking about let's say this time
frame here 2020 look at this 13 14 15
okay why simply because the governments
are pumping money into it uranium has
performed extremely well now we're going
to talk about Giants not Andre the Giant
but another type of giant you want to
talk about Andre the
Giant sell signs are popping up all over
the stock market yes we've heard these
before but does it necessarily translate
into a stock market that plummets and
the answer is no okay there are so many
factors the number one thing is
liquidity we have to look quantitative
easing or quantitative tightening that's
one we have to look at reverse repos
where are they at today those have
started to come down that's also bearish
we have to understand the reserve
balances held at the FED now you might
have just heard me say this and say what
the heck is this guy talking about this
is what we talk about on our Friday live
sessions um in in our closed group um I
talk about it every Friday update every
Friday I call it the money mirror method
and we look into the details of that
every single Friday uh but for the most
part all you need to understand is that
it's liquidity and we measure that
through different ways and so um it's
very complicated certainly but the point
is when there's not enough liquidity you
could see the markets coming down that's
all you need to know okay don't over
complicate it investors should be
putting at least 80% of their portfolios
into stocks and hard assets that's
according to Larry thinkink
interesting he's saying that obviously
Black Rock you know where they're uh
what they they're doing and what they're
about and so on but that's what he's
saying you look at Jeffrey golock saying
by long dated treasuries with prices at
the rebound going into a recession
saying maybe they're undervalued now
Now's the Time but here it is that would
be a big change we'll we'll look at that
these the the bond King Steve eisan if
you remember him uh from the movie well
character was played by Steve Carell in
the movie The Big Short and and you
could see what he's saying right now
he's saying not right now the mortgage
crisis that we had 2005 2007 e that is
not what's happening now it's much much
different interest rates are higher and
that is creating a different a very
different scenario than what we had
those years before and instead saying
you should be looking at construction
utilities and materials you know there's
a big infrastructure projects as I
talked about this a 100 times before the
government is going to spend trillions
of dollars on infrastructure there are
companies that are going to benefit from
that just regular real stuff that you
would go out there and touch physical
stuff that's the stuff that we need to
be looking at I think it's important for
everybody to understand real stuff or
hype what are you into okay let's just
talk about what you can do as an
individual inflation cannot be contained
without substantial rates substantially
higher rates or a recession which one is
it going to be and that inflation is
going to determine what happens in the
markets and of course the economy the
jobs and so on so keep an eye out invest
without hype please I see it way too
often in the case of Tesla you know
there's hype cyber truck cyber truck
cyber truck and then Elon mus finally
comes out and says yeah we're not going
to get the cyber truck out right now
this is GNA be like a trickle
um and that ups that made all the little
babies get real upset you can't do that
you're talking about something that's so
advanced in a sense and you can't expect
these things to just happen like that
don't believe the hype if if Elon Musk
says yeah it's going to be out in 2023
we know better so don't get upset when
it takes longer than what it was
originally said it's it's so obvious
invest in real assets that you can
control and leave the emotion out of it
people get so emotional big mistake that
is a sign of a bad businessman that's
what I would say look if you want to be
able to um have somebody actually look
at your plan create a plan for you
financial analysis I hooked up with this
company right here called money pickle
if you go to the link in the description
it'll bring you here you click on that
link and this will take you over to the
money pickle website and basically um
what they will do through there is help
you to you know you you schedule a call
with them they call it the you know the
free financial help desk and through
there you're going to be able to get a
little bit of insight they can help you
guide you in the right direction I hope
that it will be valuable to you that's
why I you know I'm I'm partner with them
so I I hope and and let me know I
haven't heard any negative feedback so
far so you take a look you book a call
with them instantly on their website a
couple clicks and you could do that I
hope you will do so and if you do please
let me know what happens with it comment
of the day I found it interesting so the
top and the bottom comment thank you
both for those talking about the price
of gasoline in Texas they're getting a
significant discount on the price of
gasoline compared to others around the
around the United States and around the
world of course um and it just shows you
where you live makes a big difference
big difference okay so sometimes that is
the number one consideration that people
don't take into account I hope you
appreciated this information if you did
simply hit that Thumbs Up Button things
are changing things are changing right
now before a very eyes so we have to
stay on top of it I want to thank you
for being here I'll see you tomorrow
take care